Correction/chapter system settings (#181)
AvolitesLtd/TitanManual: docs/system-settings/recovering-reinstalling-the-console.md

---|---|---|---|---
Standard Recovery | Two most recent | Preserved |Preserved | Preserved
Factory Restore | Recovery version + most recent | Deleted | Recovery version | Preserved
Full Erase | Recovery version | Deleted | Recovery version| *Deleted/Preserved*

> > With software version 12 or above the licence is stored on the AvoKey, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> With v12 or above the licence is stored on the AvoKey, and
```
This matches how it's referred to elsewhere but don't mind

Author: I am not sure I am always working on the correct branch :(

Reviewer: It looks like you're working from master 👍

Author: Isn't this the way it should be (at least for amendments to the original english version)? Unfortunately this sometimes overlaps with not-yet merged commits by others...
